hey everyone Seth Laird here and the
title of this video is how to send
direct messages through Instagram on
your computer so the first thing you
want to do is you want to go to the
Google search page you go up to the
search bar up here and you want to type
in the website name which is web esta
Graham com hit enter it'll take you to
the Webster Graham website then you want
to go to the direct message icon which
is an envelope right here so click on
that then the next thing you want to do
is you want to go to your followers
which is right here so click on that
that'll take you to the next screen and
here is a list of all the people that
are following you so you want to pick
somebody that you want to talk to and a
really cool Instagram profile that I
like to message and look at the pictures
is called the movie hangout which is
right here so click on them they have
like really cool pictures of movies ok
so now I want to send them a message so
I go to send DM direct message to the
movie hangout click on that
okay here it shows one of the pictures
that they had posted so I want to send
them a message so I go down to where I
can type right here I click so you can
see my icon and I send them a message so
I'm going to send them a really cool fix
dude
guessing they're a dude and then it hits
send okay and down below the box of
where you type and you click send you
can see where I've I've messaged in the
past which is really cool so I before I
about two hours ago I said hey I love
your pics and then here you can see
where I just said hey really cool pics
dude so it's a really cool way of
messaging people that are following you
and for right now you can only message
people that are following you you can't
message people that you're following but
that might change soon I don't know well
thanks for watching and if you want to
get future videos on how to use
Instagram just click the subscribe
button in the middle of the screen
you